Author of the code review																	 Weizi Cai
Date of the code review																		 4/08/2018
Sprint number 5
Name of the .cs file being reviewed:							   SoundManager.cs and SoundFactory.cs
Author of the .cs file being reviewed														   Yu Wang
Number of minutes taken to complete the review										    around 20 mins


Specific comments on maintainance and system:


comments in general:
A code smell is a hint that something has gone wrong somewhere in your code. Use the smell to track down the problem. Based on
my first code smell of this code, I get this conclusion:
Generally speaking, Even the codes in Sound manager and Sound factory have some good readability, but I dont think
they would give a good maintainance performance. 

comments in specific aspects:
The reason I think the sound system has a relatively low maintainability, is because it is a decentralized system.
In the file sound manager, there was only 4 general methods, and they are only for playing the background musics, while
other sound effects, such as fire ball sound, player jump sound, were all included in the sound factory file. Whenever 
we need to create a sound effact, we need to call each sound effact method. However, there might be some cases that we need
to play a "combo" of sounds, for example, if we got a boss level in the future, we need to create a unique combo of sounds
for the boss, we need some methods in Soundfactory to do that, however, base on current code patern, we will have to make 
the sound in boss class, this might be a huge code debts that increase the hardness for maintainance in the future. One choice we have 
is to import some boss sound track. It would be a better idea to create a new sound effact based on 
sound effacts we already have, so that we can save a lot of storage spaces. Currently, we could also try to do things such as 
combine existing sound effacts to create back ground music. 

-------------------------------------------------------   1   ---------------------------------------------


